Add concept exercise objects (#1160)
exercism/javascript: exercises/concept/high-score-board/.meta/design.md

# Design

## Learning objectives

- What are objects - for now describe them as maps/dictionaries that hold key-value pairs, more advanced things will be taught later

> - Objects are the core building blocks in JavaScript

Reviewer: To me their importance didn't come across from the exercise docs. Perhaps ask others for input on this, though, before adding more info that might just end up being redundant.

Author: I removed this line. I was hinting at the common saying "everything is an object" in JavaScript but I found out that this is partly a misconception when I was looking into it in more detail. :see_no_evil:

- How to create an object literal with `{}` (either empty or with some initial values)

> - What is allowed as keys
> - What is allowed as values (e.g., numbers, strings etc or other objects, arrays or even functions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What keys are allowed
- What values are allowed (e.g., numbers, strings etc or other objects, arrays or even functions)
```

- How to add a key-value pair to an object, how to change the value of an existing key
- How to retrieve the value (show `obj["key"]` and `obj.key` notation)
- How to retrieve nested values
- How to remove an entry
- How to check a key exists in the object with `hasOwnProperty`

> - How to iterate through the keys with `for ... in`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to iterate through the keys with `for...in`
```

- `new Object()` / `Object.create`
- Symbols as keys (should be covered in a separate concept)
- JSON (should be covered in a separate concept)
- "pass by reference" (will be introduced in the `functions` concept)
- optional chaining (will be introduced in the `null-undefined` concept)

## Concepts

The Concepts this exercise unlocks are:

- `objects`

## Prerequisites

- `for-loops` to better understand the for-in loop and because should already have covered some ground in the concept tree before starting with objects (e.g., arrays which are a prerequisite for `for-loops`)

## Analyzer

This exercise could benefit from the following rules in the [analyzer][analyzer]:

1. `createScoreBoard`

   - `essential`: Make sure no class, map etc. was created, there should be just an object.
   - `actionable`: If the student created an empty object first and then added the value, give feedback to include the entry in the object literal directly.
   - `actionable`: Check that the object was returned directly, no intermediate assignment to a variable necessary.

2. `addPlayer`

>    - ???

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - TODO/FIXME
```

Again, not sure what the conventions are in the JS repo, but `???` isn't easily findable via grepping, I'm guessing.

Author: true, but I had in idea what to write there now so this became obsolete

3. `removePlayer`

>    - `essential`: Make sure `delete` was used and not setting to undefined or null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `essential`: Make sure `delete` was used and not set to undefined or null.
```

   - `actionable`: If there is additional code to check whether the key is present before deleting it, give feedback that this is not necessary.

4. `updateScore`

   - `actionable`: If the student used a separate variable to calculate the new value first, tell them it is not necessary.
   - `actionable`: If the student did not use the shorthand assignment operator, tell them about it. If they used it already, give a `celebratory` comment.

5. `applyMondayBonus`

   - `essential`: Check the student actually used for-in.
   - Same feedback as in `updateScore` applies.
   - Using `updateScore` in the solution should be treated as equally correct as the exemplar solution.

6. `normalizeScore`

   - `actionable`: No intermediate variables necessary.

## Notes

> The exercise is inspired by the [High Score Board Exercise in the Swift track][swift-high-score].

Reviewer: `forked_from` points to the Julia implementation, and `source` is empty. Perhaps add Elixir to either of those?

I'm not the best person to ask about this tho, @iHiD will likely have a different stance on it.

Author: I just saw in the "stories" docs that Elixir is actually the reference implementation. Used that one as forked_from and in the notes now.
